you can make people do anything if
they're afraid
yeah BAE has taken the action to close
all of the airports in the United States
all commercial and airline traffic was
grounded but we had some airplanes
authorized at the highest levels of our
government to pick up the sama bin
Laden's family members and transport
them out of this country in the middle
of the war corporations decided to hold
a conference to figure out how much
money could be made once that oil
stopped flowing it's gonna be a loss of
money whatever it cause the government
will pay you it's gonna be good for
business
bad for the people congressmen trying to
get members of Congress to get their
kids to enlist in the army and go over
to Iraq the USA PATRIOT Act allows for
searches of medical and financial
records it gives law enforcement almost
unlimited power they wait till the
middle of the night it's printed in the
middle of the night how could Congress
pass this Patriot Act without even
reading it sit down nice thing we don't
read most of the bills no one ready
USA adrià let the evil soul
[Music]
corridors of power Jonathan Jonathan to
the streets of small-town America to the
frontlines
this is impressive crowd to have and
they have mores some people call you the
elite I call you my base comes the true
story that will make your temperature
rise
I call upon all nations to do everything
they can to stop these terrorist killers
thank you now watch this Drive
[Music]